README.md, before:

# Argocd projects to practise

This repository contains a collection of subprojects that you can use to practice working with ArgoCD.

## Subproject Apps

The `apps` subproject is designed to showcase various applications that can be deployed and managed using ArgoCD. Each subdirectory within the `apps` directory represents a different application, and contains the necessary configuration files and deployment manifests.

Feel free to explore the different applications and experiment with deploying them using ArgoCD.

## Getting Started

To get started with this repository, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/argocd-projects.git
    ```

2. Change into the `argocd-projects` directory:

    ```bash
    cd argocd-projects
    ```

3. Install ArgoCD on your Kubernetes cluster. You can find installation instructions in the official ArgoCD documentation.

4. Deploy an application using ArgoCD. For example, to deploy the `my-app` application, run the following command:

    ```bash
    argocd app create my-app --repo https://github.com/your-username/argocd-projects.git --path apps/my-app --dest-server https://kubernetes.default.svc --dest-namespace default
    ```

    Replace `your-username` with your GitHub username, and adjust the application name, repository URL, and destination server/namespace as needed.

5. Monitor the deployment status using the ArgoCD UI or CLI.

Happy practicing!

Commit message:

cotufa-8: Remove unneeded files. Creation of a bit of documentation

README.md, after:

# Argocd configurations to practise

A collection of argocd configuration manifest to deploy argocd using the declarative way.

## Estructure

You will find custom config folders each one with different combination of configuration for the argocd. Every subfolder will have everything needed to apply the argocd and particular documentation.


Feel free to explore the different combinations and experiment with deploying them to start ArgoCD.

## Getting Started

To get started with this repository, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/ctablero/argocd.git
    ```

2. Change into any `custom-config` directory:

    ```bash
    cd custom-config
    ```

3. Install ArgoCD on your Kubernetes cluster. You can find installation instructions in the official ArgoCD documentation.

4. Deploy customized argocd resources using kubectl.

    ```bash
    cd custom-config
    kubectl apply -f .
    ```

5. Monitor the deployment status using the ArgoCD UI or CLI.

Happy practicing!
